# InfoVizProject

Final project for the Information Visualization course. The visualization provides a means of mapping accessible amenities e.g. ramps, walkways and elevators for people with disabilities.

Executive Summary: 

Our information visualization application seeks to bring a solution to the problem of the dearth of information on accessibility in London, ON. Currently, individuals with disabilities cannot conveniently access information on what types of stores, restaurants, buildings, parks, pathways, etc. in London, ON. have accessible features. There is a lot of information about accessibility, but it is not contained in one comprehensive form and some of it is not easy to understand in its current state (i.e. computing slope of sidewalks). While there are other applications that seek a solution to this problem, their scope is limited to certain features, and does not satisfy the needs of our target audience in their entirety. Our target audience is individuals with physical disabilities using wheelchairs and other mobility aids to get around. The scope of the application is to represent a large amount of data regarding accessibility in London, ON., in a way that will allow individuals with accessibility issues to find places they can visit without concern of access. The data that we have incorporated into this application allows users to access information regarding accessible pathways and routes, accessible buildings (including businesses, banks, restaurants, schools, etc.,), and accessible public spaces and parks. Users are not only able to identify accessible places, they can also view crowd-sourced reviews, busy or otherwise dangerous areas (where steep slopes are present), slope and terrain details, and accessibility comparisons between different neighbourhoods in the city. This is an effective and easy-to-use application for those with accessibility issues as it not only allows them to distinguish between desirable and well-suited locations for their needs, it also allows them to determine the best route to get there. 
